---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "svix_environment_settings Resource - svix"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# svix_environment_settings (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "svix_environment" "example_environment" {
  name = "Staging env"
  type = "development"
}

resource "svix_environment_settings" "example_environment_settings" {
  environment_id = svix_environment.example_environment.id
  whitelabel_settings = {
    display_name    = "My Company"
    logo_url        = "https://www.example.com/static/logo.png"
    base_font_size  = 16
    font_family     = "Custom"
    font_family_url = "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/librebaskerville.woff2"
    color_palette_dark = {
      primary = "#3182CE"
    }
    color_palette_light = {
      primary = "#3182CE"
    }
    border_radius = {
      button = "full"
      card   = "lg"
      input  = "none"
    }
    # Advanced settings
    channels_strings_override = {
      channels_one  = "channel"
      channels_many = "channels"
      channels_help = "Channels are an extra dimension of filtering messages orthogonal to event types. They are case-sensitive and only messages with the corresponding channel will be sent to this endpoint."
    }
  }

  disable_endpoint_on_failure    = false
  enable_channels                = false
  enable_endpoint_mtls_config    = false # Requires Enterprise plan
  enable_endpoint_oauth_config   = false # Requires Enterprise plan
  enable_integration_management  = true
  enable_advanced_endpoint_types = false # Requires Pro or Enterprise plan
  enable_transformations         = false
  enforce_https                  = true
  event_catalog_published        = false
  read_only                      = false
  require_endpoint_channel       = false
  whitelabel_headers             = false # Requires Pro or Enterprise plan
  wipe_successful_payload        = false # Requires Pro or Enterprise plan
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The Id to the environment that this resource will be created in

### Optional

- `disable_endpoint_on_failure` (Boolean) If messages to a particular endpoint have been consistently failing for
some time, we will automatically disable the endpoint and let 
you know [via webhook](https://docs.svix.com/incoming-webhooks). Read 
more about it [in the docs](https://docs.svix.com/retries#disabling-failing-endpoints).
- `enable_advanced_endpoint_types` (Boolean) <strong>Requires Pro or Enterprise plan</strong>, Allows users to configure Polling Endpoints and FIFO endpoints to get
messages. Read more about them in the [docs](https://docs.svix.com/advanced-endpoints/intro).
- `enable_channels` (Boolean) Controls whether or not your users can configure
<strong>channels</strong> from the Consumer App Portal.
- `enable_endpoint_mtls_config` (Boolean) <strong>Requires Enterprise plan</strong>, Allows users to configure mutual TLS (mTLS) for their endpoints.
- `enable_endpoint_oauth_config` (Boolean) <strong>Requires Enterprise plan</strong>, Allows users to configure OAuth for their endpoints.
- `enable_integration_management` (Boolean) Controls whether or not your users can manage integrations from the
Consumer App Portal. We recommend disabling this if you manage
integrations on your users' behalf.
- `enable_transformations` (Boolean) Controls whether or not your users can add transformations to their
endpoints. Transformations are code that can change a message's HTTP
method, destination URL, and payload body in-flight.
- `enforce_https` (Boolean) Enforces HTTPS on all endpoints of this environment
- `event_catalog_published` (Boolean) Enable this to make your Event Catalog public. You can find the link to the published Event Catalog at https://dashboard.svix.com/settings/organization/catalog
- `read_only` (Boolean) Sets your Consumer App Portal to read only so your customers can view but not modify their data
- `require_endpoint_channel` (Boolean) If enabled, all new Endpoints must filter on at least one channel.
- `whitelabel_headers` (Boolean) <strong>Requires Pro or Enterprise plan</strong>, Changes the prefix of the webhook HTTP headers to use the`webhook-` prefix. <strong>Changing this setting can break existing integrations</strong>
- `whitelabel_settings` (Attributes) Customize how the [Consumer App Portal](https://docs.svix.com/management-ui) will look for your users in this environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--whitelabel_settings))
- `wipe_successful_payload` (Boolean) <strong>Requires Pro or Enterprise plan</strong>, Delete message payloads from Svix after they are successfully
delivered to the endpoint. Only affects messages sent after this
setting is enabled.

<a id="nestedatt--whitelabel_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `whitelabel_settings`

Optional:

- `base_font_size` (Number) This affects all text size on the screen relative to the size of the text in the main body of the page. Default: 16px
- `border_radius` (Attributes) Borders (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--whitelabel_settings--border_radius))
- `channels_strings_override` (Attributes) Rename 'channels' in the App Portal, depending on the usage you give them in your application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--whitelabel_settings--channels_strings_override))
- `color_palette_dark` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--whitelabel_settings--color_palette_dark))
- `color_palette_light` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--whitelabel_settings--color_palette_light))
- `display_name` (String) The name of your company or service. Visible to users in the App Portal and the [Event Catalog](https://docs.svix.com/event-types#publishing-your-event-catalog).
- `font_family` (String) Can be one of `Helvetica`, `Roboto`, `Open Sans`, `Lato`, `Source Sans Pro`, `Raleway`, `Ubuntu`, `Manrope`, `DM Sans`, `Poppins`, `Lexend Deca`, `Rubik` and `Custom`

You can also set a custom font by providing a URL to a font file. 

If you chose to use the `font_family_url` make sure to set this to `Custom`
- `font_family_url` (String) URL of a woff2 font file (e.g. https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/librebaskerville.woff2)

Make sure to set `font_family` to `Custom`
- `logo_url` (String) Used in the standalone App Portal experience. Not visible in the [embedded App Portal](https://docs.svix.com/management-ui).

<a id="nestedatt--whitelabel_settings--border_radius"></a>
### Nested Schema for `whitelabel_settings.border_radius`

Optional:

- `button` (String) Use `none` for a square border, `lg` for large rounded `md` for medium rounded, `sm` for small rounded and `full` for Pill-shaped
- `card` (String) Use `none` for a square border, `lg` for large rounded `md` for medium rounded, `sm` for small rounded and `full` for Pill-shaped
- `input` (String) Use `none` for a square border, `lg` for large rounded `md` for medium rounded, `sm` for small rounded and `full` for Pill-shaped


<a id="nestedatt--whitelabel_settings--channels_strings_override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `whitelabel_settings.channels_strings_override`

Optional:

- `channels_help` (String) Channels help text.
- `channels_many` (String) Plural form.
- `channels_one` (String) Singular form.


<a id="nestedatt--whitelabel_settings--color_palette_dark"></a>
### Nested Schema for `whitelabel_settings.color_palette_dark`

Optional:

- `background` (String) Background
- `button_primary` (String) For the main action buttons
- `interactive_accent` (String) For secondary buttons, links, and other interactive elements
- `navigation_accent` (String) For the top-level navigation items
- `primary` (String) Primary color
- `surface_background` (String) Background for cards, tables and other surfaces
- `surface_hover` (String) Background for card headers and table headers
- `text_danger` (String) For error messages and other warnings
- `text_primary` (String) Text Primary


<a id="nestedatt--whitelabel_settings--color_palette_light"></a>
### Nested Schema for `whitelabel_settings.color_palette_light`

Optional:

- `background` (String) Background
- `button_primary` (String) For the main action buttons
- `interactive_accent` (String) For secondary buttons, links, and other interactive elements
- `navigation_accent` (String) For the top-level navigation items
- `primary` (String) Primary color
- `surface_background` (String) Background for cards, tables and other surfaces
- `surface_hover` (String) Background for card headers and table headers
- `text_danger` (String) For error messages and other warnings
- `text_primary` (String) Text Primary
